# Alina Rao's homepage

Alina is a student at HYB. She is learning coding to become a great Front-End
Developer. She studied bio-chemistry. She has a lot of wonderful projects in
mind. One of them is to build her homepage. As a UX/UI Designer she required my
services. Based on the design thinking process, I asked her few questions to
seize to understand her project, seize her needs and formulate a problem. She is
the stakeholder.

## 1. Steps

- [Alina Rao's Home Page](https://alinataorao.github.io/)
  - [Steps](#steps)
  - [1. First Interview](#1-first-interview)
    - [Notes](#notes)
    - [Summary](#summary)
  - [2. Follow-Up Interview](#2-follow-up-interview)
    - [Notes](#notes-1)
    - [Summary](#summary-1)
  - [3. Capture Findings](#3-capture-findings)
    - [Needs](#needs)
    - [Insights](#insights)
  - [4. Define the Problem](#4-define-the-problem)
  - [5. Open-Ended Ideation](#5-open-ended-ideation)
  - [6. Partner Feedback](#6-partner-feedback)
    - [Notes](#notes-2)
    - [Summary](#summary-2)
  - [7. Plan](#7-plan)
  - [8. Design](#8-design)
  - [9. Final Feedback](#9-final-feedback)
    - [Notes](#notes-3)
    - [Summary](#summary-3)

---

## Stakeholder interviews

### My questions and the stakeholder's answers I noted

1 - **What are your main objectives when you visit a home page?**

Firstly, I want to know what the webpage is about. It means the purpose of this
website. Secondly, I want to know if this website has anything that might
interest me.

2 - **What do you put forward when you present yourself as a junior developer?**

Firstly, I present who I am. Secondly, I present my porto-folio and what I do.
Thirdly, I communicate my contact details so people can get in touch with me.

3 - **Would you like communicating your educational background on your
homepage?**

No. I would not like communicating my educational background on my homepage. I
prefer sharing the link of my LinkedIn profile. So people can get more
information there. I think is efficient in that way.

4 - **What did you study?**

I studied bio-chemistry. Now I want to become a great Front-End Developer.

5 - **Why do you want to become a developer?**

When the pandemic (COVID-19) started, I realized how important it was to be able
to work remotely. And I noticed that with jobs like web development, this is
possible. I then decided to study something that can allow me to work remotely.

The second reason is that today, digital is everywhere. And digital skills are
highly needed nowadays in the job market.

The third reason is the fact that with digital, you can change many things in
the world for the better.

6 - **What are your current challenge?**

I need to learn more programmes. I started from zero. So I need to work hard to
improve my skills.

7 - **Do you want to work on your own or be employee?**

Yes. But from the beginning, I would like to find a job after my cursus at HYF.
I would like to work at a big company or any relevant company to gain
professional experience. After a few years, I will start my own business.

### Notes during the interview with the stakeholder

_See answers above._

### The summary of the interview with the stakeholder

Alina is an open-mind person. She has a project to run her own company. However,
she acknowledged that she needs to gain some professional experience before
deploying her wings. She focuses on what is essential. For example, when she
visits a website, she wants to know if this website has anything that might
interest her. When she introduces herself, she likes presenting her personality
first. And then what she knows and can do. Alina pays attention to wha happens
around her and tries to seize opportunities. She is aware that today, digital is
everywhere. And digital skills are highly needed nowadays in the job market. She
then decided to study web development.

---

### Follow-Up Interview with the stakeholder

I presented the summary of the first interview to the stakeholder (Alina). She
agreed with the summary I made and confirmed her answers.

### 2nd notes during the interview with the stakeholder

The main purpose is to find the job. Salary is not the most important criteria
for her. She wants to start building her porto-folio and by the end of the
programme, she will update her homepage/porto-folio.

She wants everyone knows her homepage that I can master coding. She wants people
to know what she is doing, her passion for coding and to find a job.

### 2nd summary after the interview with the stakeholder

The stakeholder expects two types of visitors on her homepage. HYF coaches and
classmates. But in the future, she wants employers to visit her homepage.

She wants the homepage to be attractive (user-friendly) for users. The page
should be responsive and has a porto-folio colors and pictures She wants to keep
content shorts and highlight her porto-folio.

## 3. Capture Findings

### Findings captured from the interviews with the stakeholder

She is open using online tools to communicate efficiently. She is familiar with
group projects. She has experience in working in team.

### Stakeholder's Needs

She wants the homepage to be attractive (user-friendly) for users. The page
should be responsive and has a porto-folio colors and pictures She wants to keep
content shorts and highlight her porto-folio.

### Insights about the stakeholder

When she introduces herself, she likes presenting her personality first. And
then what she knows and can do.

---

## 4. Define the Problem

### The problem perceived from the stakeholder

- The stakeholder needs a way to introduce herself to the professional
  communities.

---

## 5. Open-Ended Ideation

## Open-Ended Ideation: Stakeholder

<!--
  Sketch up a few wireframes for your partner's home page with no regard for your or her/her programming ability, time constraints, technical constraints, or any other practical considerations.
  How are the designs different? How does each one serve your partner differently?
-->

- [wireframe name](https://alinataorao.github.io/)

---

## 6. Feedback

<!-- Discuss your ideas with the stakeholder.. lots of `why?`. -->

## Stakeholder Feedback

<!-- Discuss your ideas with the stakeholder. lots of `why?`. -->

### Notes during the discussion with the stakeholder

### Summary of the discussion with the stakeholder

---

## 7. Plan

<!-- With the stakeholder, come up with a Backlog and Wireframe for her/his Home page -->

---

## 8. Design

<!-- Propose an Atomic Design for the stakeholder's home page. This could include a color pallet, button designs, icons, ... -->

---

## 9. Final Feedback

<!--
  The Design Process is never finished!

  After you've finished the Plan & Design ask the stakeholder for feedback. In a professional setting this would be the beginning of a whole new development cycle.
-->

### Notes

### Summary

---

> This template is inspired by
> [the wallet project](https://dschool-old.stanford.edu/sandbox/groups/designresources/wiki/4dbb2/attachments/e1005/TheWalletProjectB%26W2012.pdf?sessionID=8af88fee76ecd1fb7879c915073461486c425622)
